My Barbecue: F.A.Q.

Answers to burning questions, such as, "Will the Grill Master be wearing a bori-
barbecue?" and "How many apron changes can we expect to see from the Grill Mas-

By Alex Watt

When is the barbecue?

The barbecue begins the moment the Grill Master wakes up on Saturday, which i-
The actual grilling won't begin until 3 or 4 P.M., so there's no need to arr-
You should just know that the Grill Master will have been mentally preparin-

Who is the Grill Master of this barbecue?
You may also know the barbecue's Grill Master as the Baron of Burgers, the-
and the Congressional Aide of Chicken Kebabs. Or, simply, Kevin.

Where is the barbecue being held?
The barbecue will take place in the shared green space in front of the Gr-
(situated across the street from where the Grill Master used to dry dock-
Grill Mishap).

Will the Grill Master be wearing a boring old apron at the barbecue?
No, the Grill Master will not don a nondescript apron. In fact, just th-

How many apron changes can we expect to see from the Grill Master at t-
The Grill Master will change his apron as many times as he pleases an-
number, but you can expect to see no fewer than five aprons with fun-
to XXX. The Grill Master refuses to be censored, as this is his art-
you can't handle sausage humor or playful ribbing of rib-hating ve-

Can we refer to the Grill Master by his God-given name at any poi-
Yes and no. When the Grill Master is performing grill-master dut-
grilling, making sure everyone is fed and having a good time), -
title. Remember, in the realm of this barbecue, he is God. So -
bestowed upon himself. If he seems to be on fire, however, "K-

Can I bring anything to the barbecue?
The only thing you need to bring is yourself and whatever fr-
more, the merrier)! The Grill Master's got everything cover-
And anything you want to drink. The Grill Master will have-
know how quickly those go when he's in barbecue mode. Spe-
enough ice. It's looking like it's going to be a scorche-
and maybe a couple of fun pool toys. The Grill Master d-
to chip in, we can go in on an above-ground pool toget-
Though, we'd need to put up a protective fence around-
raccoons that lives in the Grill Master's back yard -
day-of, of course, but don't forget to bring a blun-
They used to only be a problem at night, but now, -
Grill Master's grill, they can be seen running ar-
ound during the day, foaming at the mouth. Desser-
are always a hit, as well.

Will there be any vegan-friendly options at the -
The Grill Master isn't crazy about the idea but-
 is willing to accommodate anyone if it means m-
bodies to keep the raccoons at bay.

What if the raccoons commandeer the grill and -
Although the Grill Master acknowledges that w-
hoever tames the flames runs the fun, he will-
another Grill Mishap over his cold, dead, no-

How could we possibly move on if the Grill -
Master didn't make it out of the barbecue a-
If the Grill Master is to go down with his-
 barbecue, bury him upside down and rest e-
that he's using the fires of Hell to cook-
 up some brats.
